See-saw, Margery Daw,
Sold her bed and lay on straw.
%
It's all my fault... Shito being kidnapped... Your right hand...
Global Warming... The falling age of criminals...
%
Dammit! There are so many people that I have to beat the crap out of that
I'll forget who if I don't write myself a note!
%
Everyone who calls themselves Japanese: I have a request:
Can you all die?

Errr... I hoped that you would all commit suicide,
but is that impossible?

Then, can all the soldiers please annihilate them?
It's a massacre! Now will all the soldiers please hurry?
%
O pitiful shadow bound in darkness,
Looking down on people and causing them pain,
A soul drowned in sinful karma...

Want to try dying this once?
%
My Clie is going to be funeralized!
%
The old squeeze-and-lift is a mark of feminine smarts!
%
Sister: What's the shepherd's weapon?

Sister: Psalms chapter 23 verse 15: "Yea, though I walk through the valley
of the shadow of death." The story is about what the shepherd took with him.

Revi: Ugh... Model Jericho 94IFBL.

Sister: What the hell is that? Pathetic.

Revi: Then what's your answer?

* Sister holds up her pistol. *

Sister: It's this, of course.

Revi: Stupid. He's a Jew, right? He's got to have an Israeli model.
%
People are... not equal. Those who are born fleet of foot,
those who are born beautiful, those whose parents are poor,
those who have weak bodies. Birth, growth, and talent:
all humans... are different!
%
This hand of mine glows with an awesome POWER!!! Its burning
grip tells me to defeat you!
%
I think that dirty thoughts are very bad. And you wanna know
what else I think? I think that women's breasts are important 
vessels which exist to provide nourishment for babies, and 
should never be looked at lewdly by a young male person.
%
Onee-nii-sama!
%
My neck, the back of my head, from my right eye to my lips. The right
arm, upper arm, wrist, ring finger. The left arm, the elbow, then the 
thumb. The middle finger. From the ribs to the heart. From the chest 
down to the abdomen. Then the right leg. The right shin, left shin, all 
the toes from my left foot.

You cut me into seventeen pieces of meat in no time at all. That was 
you, wasn't it?
%
Don't believe in me who believes in you.
Don't believe in you who believes in me.
Believe in yourself.
%
Even if you only have a 1 percent chance of winning, 
the moment you tell yourself 'I can't do it!' that 1% becomes 0%.
%
Work hard! Hone your own abilities! Never rely on others! Listen! You have to 
feel with your body! Think with your head! Judge with your heart! In space, 
there's no one to help you!
%
Maria: "I'll stick it in you later as promised! On top of that, I'll pull it out
forcefully!"

Kanako: "Gah, he's not satisfied with just sticking it into me!"
%
ware wa tou,
nanji wa hito nari?

iie, ware wa ten.
kochuu no ten.
%
ware wa kage... shin naru ware!
%
End this foolishness now.

If you insist on killing this man, do it. Then his children will be out to kill
you.

If it comes to that, I won't let them. I, Tsukikage Ran, will kill you on their
behalf.

Then the killing for revenge will end in a draw, hmm?
%
You don't understand death at all. That's why you can't kill me, and why you're
only able to kill a weakened woman. If you could see death, you couldn't
maintain your sanity. All you can perceive is the part which keeps things alive.
If you could see death, you wouldn't be able to even stand.... It's like the
world on the moon, a desolate wasteland. Being able to see the "death" of things
means you are forced to see the world's uncertainty and fragility. The ground is
like it's not there, and the sky seems about to fall at any moment. You don't
know of the illusion that the whole world could perish in an instant. That is
what it means to see death. These eyes, this power isn't something you can
boast about like you did. Do you see your mistake, now, vampire? Life and death
may be back to back, but they will never face each other. I'll show you. This is
what it means to kill something. 
%
The world is meaningless.

Humans are born with no purpose,

Live for no reason,

And die for nothing.

Because the world is pointless.

And our lives are aimless.
%
From the side, I quickly snatch maids who are about to be crushed by the
debris, saving them.

The surrounding view was obstructed by the dust so I had used Ground Shrink
freely.

Two holy knights seem to be injured by the collapsing debris and the rock
balls, their health gauges have been reduced by half.

On the other hand, a sommelier-like male waiter escaped by himself with
difficulty. Men have to be like that after all.
