Client: What is going on with my website? It looks all wrong!

Me: It was working just fine yesterday, let's take a look.

Us: Let's take a look. (We download a page, check out the code). Well, it 
looks as if someone's gone in and deleted some of the code that makes the site
work.

Client: Yeah, that was me, I was getting rid of some of your unnecessary code.
why isn't the site working?.
%
[Excerpt of feedback regarding illustrations for a children's alphabet book
featuring animals.]

How about making the sun a little bigger on the swans. What do you think about
discreet genitals on the unicorn?
%
"I don't want to print my brochure in CMYK, because it is more expensive and
has one color more than RGB, so print it in RGB and I will save some money."
%
Client: The designer will make no decisions regarding this site's design! Where
was the designer while I was raising money for this venture?!

Me: Art school?
%
Client: I want a way to track all the people that come to my site. Names, 
addresses, telephone numbers and cell phones.

Us: Well, there are some tools to capture visitor information but not to that
level unless the viewer supplies that to you. They would have to register at
the site and that kills page views.

Client: I don't know why this is so fucking hard! You are the 5th firm to tell
us that! Its fucking 2009, can't anyone make the internet work right?
%
Client: Whats your fees to do this template?

Me: $40 per hour.

Client: Thats steep. How do I know you won't bill me for extra hours.

Me: If you want to be sure you can come and watch.

Client: No wiseguy, give me a call whenever you start working on it and 
whenever you take breaks. I will keep count of the hours.
%
Client: We'd like you to make the About Us and Why Buy From Us pages password
protected and only viewable by people who have signed up.

Me: But how will people know if they want to sign up if they don't know
anything about you or your service?

Client: Look, we don't want any tire kickers.
%
[From an unsolicited e-mail looking for a free illustrator.]

Take this letter very seriously. Imagine that George Lucas or Todd McFarlain 
just emailed you and you now have the chance to .collaborate with one of the 
most gifted artists of all time. Seriously. Think about that. You could be 
responsible for helping to create the next great american novel.

[The enclosed script synopsis was about a proud young Aryan boy in search of a 
mummy in order to use its ancient magic to restore the "nazies" to their former
glory.]
%
"We have a really tight budget on this project so whatever you can do to cut 
costs would be really great - like just do it in your spare time."
%
Me: The database is messed up. What's the server log on?

Client: What do you mean?

Me: I mean I need access to the server.

Client: I don't know how to do that.

Me: Who set it up?

Client: I'm not sure.

Me: Who owns the server?

Client: God.
%
"Maybe if you get bored, turn off the xbox this weekend and throw 20-40 hours 
our way."
%
"But I really love your style, I don't think I'll get that from a beginner. Can
you recommend someone who does work just like yours but for the price I'm 
offering to pay?"
%
"I don't have the money right now. Could I pay you with some of our puppies? 
How many do you need?"
%
[The client sent me a 30+MB file that my mail server could not support. I
suggested he send the file via You Send It.]

Client: I have not had time to do that. 

I must say, I find it very strange that you don't have the equipment to open a
simple picture. How can I be trusting you with my website, when you don't have
the ability to even open and post a picture? I'm very confused by this. Also,
I do pay you to build and maintain the site, and so you should have the
equipment necessary to do so. It is implied that you SHOULD have and understand
the equipment and programs needed to develop, support and protect the sites you
are responsible for. Then you tell me you can't open a picture? That does not
sit well with me.

Do you understand my growing concern?
%
"I want this logo to be really elegant and IN YOUR FACE, you know what I mean?"
%
Me: When you click on the button it takes you to the Paypal donation page that
you set up.

Client: What do you mean? I don't want the donate button to do this, I want it
to automatically charge their card. These are seniors they won't understand
this if I don't. You can't have them type stuff in.

Me: But you wanted to go with Paypal because you couldn't afford a secured
shopping cart website. Either way, at some point they will have to type in
their information.

Client: Can't you just take their credit card information without them knowing?
That way they won't get confused.
%
"I hate blogs. Blogs are for angry people who are sitting at their computer
with a glass of wine at midnight with nothing better to do. No companies use
blogs anymore."
%
"I need some changes to the magazine ad you designed last year. Can I just buy
your hard drive that the ad is on so that I can make my own changes?"
%
[As told by an old school film editor, from the days when they actually handled
film.]

Client: What is your rate?

Me: $50 per hour.

Client: Can I come watch you?

Me: Sure, for $100/hour.

Client: What if I help you?

Me: That would be $400 per hour.
%
Client: I would like to have our home page come up with some information in a
hockey puck that flies around the screen. I'd like the user to have to chase 
the puck with a hockey stick for a cursor and whack it to let them in the 
site.

Me: I'm going to do everything in my power to talk you out of doing that.
%
Me: Your FTP password is literally one of the five most commonly used passwords
in the world.

Them: I guess great minds think alike!
%
It seems as though every time we ask you to do any work, we have to pay for it.
%
"I can't pay you anywhere close to your normal hourly fee, but it'll be 
quantity work so you.ll still make out in the end."
%
Client: ETA for getting the new header coded? Chris was under the impression 
you could hit the "code header" button and it would be done by now.

Me: Can you get me one of those?
%
Client: I need a web banner to go on randomsite.com

Me: OK, no problem. What are the specs?

Client: Specs?

Me: Yeah, you know, width, height, files size limitations what you want on it.
Basically all of the information so we don't get it sent back to us.

Client: Jesus Christ you always complicate things, why can't you ever just do
it!
%
"Tell your designer he can't leave until tomorrow morning. I may want to change
some of the wording on the website. I dont want him doing it from home, as 
someone might hack him and see what I'm planning."
%
A client, suffering the economic downturn, has owed me almost $4000 since 2007.
I have tried many things to get paid. I even stopped being nice and took him
off my Christmas Card list. Well, it hasn't stopped him from sending me one.
And this year's takes the cake. It said, and I quote:

TIDINGS OF JOY
In gratitude for our association with you, we've made a montetary gift to
Courage Center in your name.

Seriously?
%
"I've decided that the amount you invoiced us for is far too much. Here's my
thinking: We are paying you to come up with an idea. we're not paying you for
the time you take to think about it. The actual idea must only take about 30
seconds to think about as you come up with it. All these visuals, that's just
typing. I can do that in Word. It would take me 5 minutes. So I only want to
pay you for 5 and a half minutes work."
%
"We like the woman in the wheelchair, but we don't want people to think being
in a wheelchair makes her less feminine. You need to make her breasts larger."
%
Client: So, can't you write anything? Look at the pictures and write some
poetry. The pictures are so alluring. Words should flow. If I give you any
information, then you'll only copy-paste it..

Me: But, we need some information.

Client: I will either give you money or information. Choose what you want 
carefully.
%
Client: I'm the client! You can't MAKE me agree to the schedule!

Me: But it's in the contract you signed.

Client: So what!? I'm the client!
%
Not exactly a client story, but a job applicant story. One woman, in response
to a job listing that the firm posted for a graphic designer, sent a very
unique portfolio. Almost the first dozen pieces were mediocre
photo-manipulations of her face on other women's bodies, posing with A.J.
MacLean from the Backstreet Boys. One featured her head awkwardly pasted on top
of a nude woman receiving a back massage from the pop star. Needless to say,
she was not hired.
%
"Can you make the photo taller? Don't worry if it stretches, I don't think 
anybody will notice"
%
JPG screenshots of a new website design were sent to the client. Her only 
feedback was, "I try to click the menu, but nothing happens."
%
After having delivered an eCommerce site to a client, he called me on the 
phone, explaining that he had experienced some problems ordering products.
While on the phone, I explained to him that I would do a test order to see if I
could reconstruct the problem he experienced. The ordering went fine, but
suddenly he says

Client: Wow, I got an order from you here. You want that Jacuzzi? I'd suggest
[some Jacuzzi name] instead!

Me: As I explained to you, that was a test order. I don't want any Jacuzzi.

Client: Well, you ordered one, now you have to pay. I'll just take it off your
invoice.
%
"Hi could you please fix my website so that people in Canada can't see it? 
It makes fun of hockey and I don't want to get hurt."
%
"The site is broken. When I'm on the home page and I click the back button, it
takes me to another site."
%
Client: [Changed the source in a CMS] I changed the file name to 
"logo-blue.png" and it didn't change to blue. It turned into a small box with a
red X in it. Have you broken it?
%
After several rounds of back and forth over billboard designs for a local zoo
the marketing director at the zoo emailed saying she had tested the latest 
proofs we had sent her on her computer. She informed us that she had opened the
files and ran past her screens to simulate a driver passing a billboard. She
said the billboards didn't "pop" enough for her when she did this and that we
needed to make the billboards more attention grabbing.
%
Me: You still owe me money from the last set of changes which hasn't been paid
for six months, so I won't make any more changes or provide you with an
unlocked PDF until your account is up to date.

Client: What do you stand to achieve by doing this?
%
"Is there a font that's even more whimsical than Comic Sans?"
%
"This lady is Caucasian but the pose is just perfect. Regarding our target 
market, could you make her look Asian?"
%
A marketing manager from a convention and event centre contacted me about 
retouching some event images taken during a speaking series, to have them
repurposed for use in a upcoming newsletter about the past season.s notable
speakers and events. In particular were some images of a semi-famous climber
who had lost his arm during one of his climbs and was now doing motivational
speaking engagements.

When going over the job specifications it was eventually revealed to me that
the specific item that needed to be retouched was that they wanted to add his
arm back into the picture.Somewhat shocked at the request, I asked him to
explain more specifically what he needed, just in case I had misunderstood.

His reply, to my even greater dismay was, .I don.t see how I can be any more
clear, just make a copy of his right arm, reverse it, and stick it on his left
shoulder, we don.t want to alienate our attendees by putting a depressing
picture in the newsletter.
%
Client says they want a design that is "open and airy" so I show them one with
lots of white space. They respond by saying, "Yeah, but can you remove all that
empty area?"
%
Me (1:30pm): Hey [client], attached are the final comps for your bookmarks.
They are now updated with the identifying color schemes to match each topic. 
Don.t worry about the little black hash marks in the corners, those WILL NOT
print. They are there so that the printing guys can reference how to set them
up for press. I need your approval by 4pm today to get these back by EOD
tomorrow.

Client (4:15pm): Hey B, what's up with the little black marks in the corners? I
don't get it. Why did you add them to the design? Please remove them and send
me another proof. Oh, and do you think the printing guys can move up the
delivery time to noon tomorrow?
%
I recently had a client show me an eCommerce site they wanted built. I replied
that what they wanted is about a $20,000 web site. They later told me that they
had a guy who lived in a cabin who just needed money who would do the whole
site for $1,000. He didn't work out.
%
We were doing an ad for a large sports apparel maker.  they had a deal with Cal
Ripkin Jr. who was the most consistent player in the game, having played over
4000 games. The ad (paraphrased) said:

Cal Ripkin likes this brand for two reasons:

1.  The quality  2.  The quality

(What can we say, the guy's consistent.)

Client said they loved the ad. But... can number 2 be "style?"
%
Me: As soon as you get us the pricing database, we need 5 weeks to build the 
online quoting application. If we get it this week, we can do a Sept 1 launch.

4 weeks later.

Client: Here is the pricing database, sorry for the delay. So we are still 
good for the Sept 1 launch, right?
%
Prospective client: $400 for a logo?! Why are you so expensive? My nephew has 
Photoshop.I can just get him to do it.

Me: Does your nephew have Microsoft Word?

Prospective client: Yes.

Me: Then have him write you a novel while he's at it.
%
I know we need to pay you the 30% up front before you start; but if you could
just start now as we need to show progress pretty quickly and we'll get you the
advance within 2 weeks or so.
%
After presenting a new design for a company website, the owner leaned over, 
asked if she could suggest some changes to the layout, got out a black marker
and started drawing the changes on my MacBook's screen. I was stunned.
%
"We need a 4-color, 1 sheet picture menu. PICTURES ONLY, NO WORDS. It's for the
blind and hearing impaired."
%
"No one is going to steal your idea. In fact, if your company is eventually 
successful, your original idea will only be one tiny contributing factor. And
the guy you're talking to can't steal the 99,999 other reasons that will make
your company a success (persistence, luck, people you hire, etc, etc, etc)."

--The FrieNDA
