I've built a better model than the one at Data General
For data bases vegetable, animal, and mineral
My OS handles CPU with multiplexed duality;
My PL/1 compiler shows impressive functionality.
My storage system's better than magnetic core polarity,
You never have to bother checking out a bit for parity;
There isn't any reason to install non-static floor matting;
My disk drive has capacity for variable formatting.
*
I feel compelled to mention what I know to be a gloating point:
There's lots of room in memory for variables floating-point,
Which shows for input vegetable, animal, and mineral
I've built a better model than the one at Data General.
                -- Steve Levine, "A Computer Song" (To the tune of
                   "Modern Major General", from "Pirates of Penzance",
                   by Gilbert & Sullivan)
%
Rules for driving in New York:

(1) Anything done while honking your horn is legal.
	
(2) You may park anywhere if you turn your four-way flashers on.

(3) A red light means the next six cars may go through the intersection.
%
U.S. of A.:
	"Don't speak to the bus driver."

Germany:
	"It is strictly forbidden for passengers to speak to the driver."

England:
	"You are requested to refrain from speaking to the driver."

Scotland:
	"What have you got to gain by speaking to the driver?"

Italy:
	"Don't answer the driver."
%
                William Safire's Rules for Writers:
Remember to never split an infinitive.  The passive voice should never
be used.  Do not put statements in the negative form.  Verbs have to
agree with their subjects.  Proofread carefully to see if you words
out.  If you reread your work, you can find on rereading a great deal
of repetition can be avoided by rereading and editing.  A writer must
not shift your point of view.  And don't start a sentence with a
conjunction.  (Remember, too, a preposition is a terrible word to end a
sentence with.)  Don't overuse exclamation marks!!  Place pronouns as
close as possible, especially in long sentences, as of 10 or more
words, to their antecedents.  Writing carefully, dangling participles
must be avoided.  If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a
linking verb is.  Take the bull by the hand and avoid mixing
metaphors.  Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky.  Everyone should
be careful to use a singular pronoun with singular nouns in their
writing.  Always pick on the correct idiom.  The adverb always follows
the verb.  Last but not least, avoid cliches like the plague; seek
viable alternatives.
%
Waiter: "Tea or coffee, gentlemen?"

1st customer: "I'll have tea."

2nd customer: "Me, too -- and be sure the glass is clean!"
        (Waiter exits, returns)

Waiter: "Two teas.  Which one asked for the clean glass?"
%
"I went to a job interview the other day, the guy asked me if I had any
questions , I said yes, just one, if you're in a car traveling at the
speed of light and you turn your headlights on, does anything happen?
He said he couldn't answer that, I told him sorry, but I couldn't work
for him then.
                -- Steven Wright
%
(1) Alexander the Great was a great general.

(2) Great generals are forewarned.

(3) Forewarned is forearmed.

(4) Four is an even number.

(5) Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have.

(6) The only number that is both even and odd is infinity.

Therefore, Alexander the Great had an infinite number of arms.
%
My calculator is my shepherd, I shall not want
It maketh me accurate to ten significant figures,
	and it leadeth me in scientific notation to 99 digits.
It restoreth my square roots and guideth me along paths of floating
	decimal points for the sake of precision.
Yea, tho I walk through the valley of surprise quizzes,
	I will fear no prof, for my calculator is there to hearten me.
It prepareth a log table to comfort me, it prepareth an
	arc sin for me in the presence of my teachers.
It annoints my homework with correct solutions, my interpolations are
	over.
Surely, both precision and accuracy shall follow me all the days of my
	life, and I shall dwell in the house of Texas instruments forever.
%
There was a mad scientist (a mad... social... scientist) who kidnapped
three colleagues, an engineer, a physicist, and a mathematician, and locked
each of them in seperate cells with plenty of canned food and water but no
can opener.
	A month later, returning, the mad scientist went to the engineer's
cell and found it long empty.  The engineer had constructed a can opener from
pocket trash, used aluminum shavings and dried sugar to make an explosive,
and escaped.
	The physicist had worked out the angle necessary to knock the lids
off the tin cans by throwing them against the wall.  She was developing a good
pitching arm and a new quantum theory.
	The mathematician had stacked the unopened cans into a surprising
solution to the kissing problem; his dessicated corpse was propped calmly
against a wall, and this was inscribed on the floor:
	Theorem: If I can't open these cans, I'll die.
	Proof: assume the opposite...
%
... it is easy to be blinded to the essential uselessness of them by the sense of 
achievement you get from getting them to work at all.  In other words... their 
fundamental design flaws are completely hidden by their superficial design flaws.
	-- The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, on the products of the Sirius 
       Cybernetics Corporation.
%
Brisk talkers are usually slow thinkers.  There is, indeed, no wild beast more
to be dreaded than a communicative man having nothing to communicate. If you
are civil to the voluble, they will abuse your patience; if brusque, your 
character.
	-- Jonathan Swift
%
I think we can all agree that there is not enough common courtesy shown
... HEY!  PAY ATTENTION WHEN I'M TALKING TO YOU DAMMIT!  I said I think
we can all agree that there is not enough common courtesy shown today.
When we take the time to be courteous to each other, we find that we
are happier and less likely to engage in nuclear war.  This point was
driven home by the recent summit talks, where Nancy Reagan and Raisa
Gorbachev, each of whose husband thinks the other's husband is vermin,
were able to sit down at a high-level tea and engage in courteous
conversation ...
                -- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"
%
A Mexican newspaper reports that bored Royal Air Force pilots stationed
on the Falkland Islands have devised what they consider a marvelous new
game.  Noting that the local penguins are fascinated by airplanes, the
pilots search out a beach where the birds are gathered and fly slowly
along it at the water's edge.  Perhaps ten thousand penguins turn their
heads in unison watching the planes go by, and when the pilots turn
around and fly back, the birds turn their heads in the opposite
direction, like spectators at a slow-motion tennis match.  Then, the
paper reports, "The pilots fly out to sea and directly to the penguin
colony and overfly it.  Heads go up, up, up, and ten thousand penguins
fall over gently onto their backs.
                -- Audobon Society Magazine
%
There was a plane crash over mid-ocean, and only three survivors were
left in the life-raft: the Pope, the President, and Mayor Daley.
Unfortunately, it was a one-man life-raft, and quickly sinking, so they
started debating who should be allowed to stay.

The Pope pointed out that he was the spiritual leader of millions all
over the world, the President explained that if he died then America
would be stuck with the Vice-President, and so forth.  Then Mayor Daley
said, "Look!  We're not solving anything like this!  The only fair
thing to do is to vote on it."  So they did, and Mayor Daley won by 97
votes.
%
Five rules for eternal misery:

	(1) Always try to exhort others to look upon you favorably.

   (2) Make lots of assumptions about situations and be sure to treat these 
        assumptions as though they are reality.
	
   (3) Then treat each new situation as though it's a crisis.
	
   (4) Live in the past and future only (become obsessed with how much better 
        things might have been or how much worse things might become).
	
   (5) Occasionally stomp on yourself for being so stupid as to follow the 
        first four rules.
%
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new
discoveries, is not "Eureka!" (I found it!) but "That's funny ..."
                -- Isaac Asimov
%
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
                -- Eric Hoffer
%
Give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day.
Teach a man to fish, he'll eat for a lifetime.
Give a man a religion, and he'll put a fish on the rear bumper of his car 
and never shut up about it.
%
Some people in the world believe Israel is in the right. Others believe the 
Palestinians are in the right. (And so on...)

Even if these various factions commit crimes against the other factions, those 
who believe the actors are in the right will believe that those actors - 
particularly Israel - should not be prosecuted under laws they feel are unjust.

This is known as Jewry nullification.
%
If guns kill people, where are mine hiding the bodies?
%
You know you've landed gear up when it takes full power to taxi.
%
Most people have a mind that's open by appointment only.
%
The biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has occurred.
%
The price of Wikipedia is eternal vigilance
%
What is the penalty for polygamy? Multiple wives.
%
At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at
least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.
%
For my ally is the Blogosphere. And a powerful ally it is. Life creates it,
makes it grow. It's energy surrounds us ... and binds us. Luminous beings 
are we...not this crude matter. You must feel the Blogosphere around you. 
Here, between you...me...the tree...the rock...everywhere! Yes, even between 
this land and that ship!
%
What are the implications of widespread Linux use in the Third World? 

- Women and girls who were previously denied educational opportunities will be
  able to establish themselves as insular, boring, pedantic geeks on an equal 
  footing with men.

- The long-standing argument about vi versus emacs will be settled with a 
  truckload of black market AK-47s.

- In some cultures, bloated software will actually be considered more attractive

- Indian CS undergrads will be able to talk about how great the internet was 
  in the good old days, before all the clueless n00bs arrived.

- Third World businesses will have access to new markets for their agricultural 
  produce, manufacturing services, and r3d H0+ z3r0-d4y w4R32.

- The highways on the internet will not become more few.
%
Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

PI      Punch Invalid

POPI    Punch Operator Immediately

PVLC    Punch Variable Length Card

RASC    Read And Shred Card

RPM     Read Programmers Mind

RSSC    reduce speed, step carefully  (for improved accuracy)

RTAB    Rewind tape and break

RWDSK   rewind disk

RWOC    Read Writing On Card

SCRBL   scribble to disk  - faster than a write

SLC     Search for Lost Chord

SPSW    Scramble Program Status Word

SRSD    Seek Record and Scar Disk

STROM   Store in Read Only Memory

TDB     Transfer and Drop Bit

WBT     Water Binary Tree
%
"A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis
of being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite
series of incomprehensive answers calculated with micrometric
precisions from vague assumptions based on debatable figures taken from
inconclusive documents and carried out on instruments of problematical
accuracy by persons of dubious reliability and questionable mentality
for the avowed purpose of annoying and confounding a hopelessly
defenseless department that was unfortunate enough to ask for the
information in the first place."
                -- IEEE Grid news magazine
%
Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires
you to change clothes.  Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers
wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly
spring up in the middle of the machine room.
%
101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR

        (1)  Scarecrow for centipedes

        (2)  Dead cat brush
        
        (3)  Hair barrettes
        
        (4)  Cleats
        
        (5)  Self-piercing earrings
        
        (6)  Fungus trellis
        
        (7)  False eyelashes
        
        (8)  Prosthetic dog claws
        
        (99)  Window garden harrow (pulled behind Tonka tractors)

        (100) Killer velcro
        
        (101) Currency
%
Once upon a time there was a DOS user who saw Unix, and saw that it was
good.  After typing cp on his DOS machine at home, he downloaded GNU's
unix tools ported to DOS and installed them.  He rm'd, cp'd, and mv'd
happily for many days, and upon finding elvis, he vi'd and was happy.  After
a long day at work (on a Unix box) he came home, started editing a file,
and couldn't figure out why he couldn't suspend vi (w/ ctrl-z) to do
a compile.
        -- Erik Troan, ewt@tipper.oit.unc.edu
%
A blue-chip client is being shown around a consulting company's offices by the 
VC. As they walk the floor they pass a barefoot and bearded man in a t-shirt 
and jeans.

The client looks unimpressed and asks the VC what the barefooted man's role is 
within the company. The VC replies, "I don't know, but he must be very good at 
it."
%
I'm waiting for the day when someone says, "Not knowing how to repair your 
flying car is like not knowing how to use a computer..."

Then the cycle will be complete.
%
I've seen similar things before, like a programmer with years of experience 
not knowing that there's anything faster than Bubble Sort. 

I think this is a good counterexample to the people who say that CS degrees 
are pointless since most of the content is never used. Self-taught programmers 
can often have big gaps in their knowledge like this, since they've never had 
to learn boring stuff like data structures. And since it's an unknown unknown, 
they're not aware that they're missing anything.
%
Also, katakana are almost impossible to learn. I know ~1500 kanji, but only 2-3
katakana. Good luck.
