"Powerful" as a description for a language tells you almost as much as
"enterprise" does.
%
"How long until someone gets tired of the extra stage and starts
driving on the wrong side of the freeway to get their fix?"
%
You can't educate most of them. They don't want to learn. It's unfortunate but 
it's the truth. Laypeople think that "firewall" and "anti virus" is all they 
need to keep them safe from nasty people. I have the unfortunate task of 
dealing with people like that on a daily basis (many ask why I'm so jaded) and 
they don't care what the real experts say. 

If you tell average Joe that he shouldn't do something that he wants to because
it's a bad idea and then Joe's "expert" mate says "nah man you've got firewall 
and AV installed you'll be right" he'll ignore you. He will listen to the 
"expert" mate of theirs that installed Windows once or twice using the restore 
disk that came with their shiny Dull PC and now thinks they know everything 
because the "expert" doesn't get in their way of doing stupid things.
%
"Absolute territory" is the section of the skin that is exposed between
the mini-skirt and the overknee socks. The ideal ratio should be 4:1:2.5
(length of mini-skirt : absolute territory : length of overknee socks
above the knee).

A character that is equipped with such weapon can annihilate vast numbers
of brain cells in a very short period of time. It is an intense moe that
is so destructive that it can overcome one's AT field in less than 0.03
seconds.
%
"Didn't the Nazis draw on Nietzsche for inspiration?
How can Godwin if Goddied?"
%
I am shocked, SHOCKED, to discover there is illegal software duplication
going on here!
%
"Waah fucking wah. And you know what, I plan on moderating the SHIT out
of [the forum]. You thought the WTFman forum was run by Nazis? I got them 
trumped; I plan on running it as a Stalinist. They killed more people, 
so obviously their system of moderation is superior. And if you REALLY
piss me off, I'll shift to a Khmer Rouge system of moderation and just 
kill everyone and use the skulls to run our nation's economy."

-Lum the Mad on Forum Moderation
%
"The moment she looked at me with those half-closed druggie eyes of hers,
I would lose all control. I'd take her like Oyashiro-sama takes those who
abandon Hinamizawa. I'd hit her like Keiichi hits lolis and uncles. I'd 
nail her Sonozaki-style. I'd jam it in like Tomitake's fingers in his throat. 
I'd thrust her like a knife in a suicidal loli's head. I'd slam it like 
Rena's fingers in a door. I would bludgeon her with my bat and dispose 
of the evidence in her Onigafuchi Marsh. I'd cram her full like the trunk 
of her car. I would pick her lock and trespass upon her festival shrine. 
I'd drop my corpse down her well. I'd hit her with the force of Rena's fist. 
I'd bury my Kenta-kun in her landfill and then chop it out with a billhook. 
I'd mangle her like the ending theme does the English language."
%
HI, I'M SUISEISEKI, FOUNDER AND CEO OF ROZEN MAIDEN. MY BEAMS OF LIGHT 
GLOWED UPON YOUR SISTER LAST NIGHT, HER UNKNOWING FORM FAST ASLEEP. MY
PULSING BOATLIGHTS FLASHED UPON HER, AND SHE AWOKE WITH A GASP. DEATHLY 
AFRAID OF MY MASSIVE, LUMINOUS RETINAS, SHE ATTEMPTED TO CRAWL AWAY BUT 
TO NO AVAIL. I PENETRATED HER WITH MY CHRISTMAS COLORS OF EYES, HER 
SCREAMS OF BOTH PAIN AND PLEASURE. MY PULSATING FLASHING BOATLIGHTS 
DROVE HER INTO A DEADLY EPILLEPTIC SEIZURE, BEFORE YOU COULD EVEN WAKE
UP HER BONES HAD CRACKED ON THEMSELVES DUE TO THE VIOLENT MOVEMENTS
OF HER BODY, CAUSING HER A DEATH LIKE NONE OTHER BEFORE IT. I
GUARANTEE IT ~DESU
%
>when do i lost that forme newbie titel?

Oh! That's wrong, isn't it? That's wrong, isn't it? hickman48, listen, 
listen, listen. "When do I lose the forum newbie title?" That's how 
you do it. What you typed was "when do i lost that forme newbie titel." 
"When do I lose the forum newbie title?" and "when do i lost that forme 
newbie titel;" they're totally different, right? Firstly, they're pron-
ounced differently. Since they're pronounced differently, naturally, 
their meaning changes as well, right? "When do I lose the forum newbie 
title?" OK?

Oh! I'm not mad! I'm definitely not mad! hickman48, smile again? Good! 
Try, try, hickman48.

>lol wut?

...No no no NO NO NO! THAT'S WRONG!!! That's COMPLETELY WRONG! You're 
doing this on purpose, aren't you hickman48? I'll hit you! Anonymous-san! 
Anonymous-san! Posting stop! Posting stop!!! hickman48 won't type English 
properly!!! Anonymous-san posting stop! Forum posting stop!!!!!!
%
I've seen stranger things in legend. Take, for example, a "prize winning" 
essay I once read about that someone submitted for a creative writing 
class; the essay demanded touching on the themes of religion, royalty, 
sexuality with a mystery as the central plot. The winning essay was as 
follows:

"By God", said the Queen. "I'm pregnant. I wonder who did it!"
%
I've heard one legend where the topic was "What is Courage?" and this 
one guy got a perfect score just by writing "This."
%
Once upon a time there was a DOS user who saw Unix, and saw that it
was good. After typing cp on his DOS machine at home, he downloaded 
GNU's unix tools ported to DOS and installed them. He rm'd, cp'd, 
and mv'd happily for many days, and upon finding elvis, he vi'd and 
was happy. After a long day at work (on a Unix box) he came home, 
started editing a file, and couldn't figure out why he couldn't 
suspend vi (w/ ctrl-z) to do a compile.
%
I like Lucky Star because Konata is a otaku like me, except she has
friends. Oh god I wish I had friends too. ;_;

Konata also likes video games and she is kawaii. And there are
lesbians in the show and that's good because I like lesbians 
and I will never have a girlfriend. Why am I such a loser?!

Konata is like my dreamgirl. She has a :3 face and I love that.
She is also nice. Why aren't real girls nice? I got dumped a lot
of times but I love konata and she wouldn't dump me because she's
so nice and cool.

We would play video games all day and watch Naruto and other cool
animes on TV, and I would have sex with her because sex is so good.
I wish I could have sex with a girl.
%
Functional programming is cool; it's about this: when a function
looks fun, you recurse it because you want more of it. When a 
function looks boring, you do stuff like adding curry to it so 
it'll be better.
%
They still don't know where the voice actor for Fuyutski is.
Matt thinks he's buried under some football field and a few of 
the other crew at ADV think he got deported.
%
A quadruple boot of OS X, Microsoft Windows, Linux, and OS/2.
The good, the bad, the ugly, and the OH GOD MAKE IT STOP!
%
"Why do we have to hide from the police, Daddy?" 
"Because we use vi, son. They use emacs."
%
"It's Steve Ballmer we're talking about, if he as much as SEES
his kids anywhere near iPods or within 20m of a computer 
displaying a Google page it'll be Chair Throwing time, he'll 
Fucking Bury(TM) them. He's done it before and he'll do it
again. He's going to Fucking Kill()TM his children."
%
Downloading child pornography and performing DOS attacks 
using your neighbour's unsecured wireless network connection 
is a win-win scenario. You accomplish your illegal activities 
with little risk of getting caught and your neighbours learn 
why they should secure their wireless network.
%
"I wouldn't be surprised if Jesus would recommend that the
parents of these students stop paying the private school fees 
and send their kids to a State school, giving the money to the 
poor instead. This, and His further recommendations concerning 
luxury cars and large houses containing home theatre equipment, 
would probably fall on deaf ears.

I imagine Jesus would then go on, doggedly, to decry 
corporatism in general, including but not limited to record 
companies.

If asked about music copying, Jesus would probably request 
His audience stop bothering Him with trivia, and hold forth 
for a while about alleged Christians who support wars.

He might then lead an unlicensed rendition of a Woody Guthrie 
song or two."
%
"Apart from being a fine game, Tetris is also a perfect mirror
of the human condition. For a while the game is entertaining, 
and we seem to have mastered it and are having fun. Then, 
something goes wrong -- a rash mistake, or an unfulfilled wish, 
and we're fighting to repair the damage, but we've been thrown 
off-balance, and everything is piling up. Blocks that were once 
orderly and harmonious are jumbled and filled with holes, and 
our cup is on the verge of running over. There's always a point 
at which we stop planning for the future, and realize that we 
don't have one -- all we can do is cling to the present and 
concentrate, focus our minds on what it's like to be alive, 
to play t.he game, before it's all over."
%
"The random number generator in UO isn't. This has been a subject
of debate ever since UO began. The developers insist that the random 
number generator in UO really works. The players insist that, no,
they consistently get runs of successes and failures that are 
statistically improbable, to say the least. The developers respond 
that this is proof of randomness. The players then pull out a Glock 
and go Xerox on the developers. The resultant death of the developers 
is possibly one of the reasons Necromancy is not yet ready for 
release."
%
Junk is in demand.
Junk is the ideal product.
Junk is another's man's junk plus his own.
Junk is not cheap.
Junk is another gal's treasure.
Junk is the same girl's medicine.
Junk is interesting.
Junk is not the pizza hut creamy italian.
Junk is here to stay.
Junk is the mold of monopoly and possession.
Junk is justifiable.
Junk is good.
Junk is on my desk.
Junk is just that.
Junk is mainly for rich and motivated individuals.
Junk is not.
Junk is attracting plenty of investors.
Junk is playing this all and much more.
Junk is put in the debris boxes.
%
Shirou's character in a nutshell:
Telling a woman who could kill him with one finger to go back to the
kitchen.
%
Have you ever even played any video games? Look at the credits.
MY GOD IT'S FULL OF JAPANESE PEOPLE.
%
http://www.serbianschool.com/

NOW THAT YOU'VE READ THIS MESSAGE, YOU'VE GOT 24 HOURS TO LEARN
THE SERBIAN LANGUAGE. IF YOU FAIL, YOU WILL DIE A HORRIBLE DEATH
EXACTLY 24 HOURS FROM NOW.
%
This is the stupidest thread that I have NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL,
NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL,
NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL,
NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 
NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 
NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, 
NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL
%
<mav> I've always wanted to change my legal name to ;DROP DATABASE;
and see what kind of havoc ensues...
%
1 bottle of beer on the wall, 1 bottle of beer! Take 1 down, pass
it around, 0 bottles of beer on the wall.
0 bottles of beer on the wall, 0 bottles of beer! Take 1 down, pass
it around, 4294967295 bottles of beer on the wall.
%
The next time someone asks me to write a java program that runs 
over a network connection, I'm going to print out an entire ream 
of paper with "try/catch" blocks, crush their heads with it, then 
jump on their corpse and shout "WRYYYYYYYYYYYY!" triumphantly.
%
Hey /a/, I just thought of a revolutionary new idea for like, economy
and stuff. Anti-money. Money with a negative value. Like, an anti-dime 
is worth -10 cents, an anti-quarter -25, etc. So picture it. Some guys 
come to your door asking you to pay a debt, but you don't have any money? 
They'd be like "oh, it's okay, we'll just give you these anti-dollars." 
Being given anti-dollars makes you lose money, and giving away anti-dollars 
makes you gain money, so it's the same thing. Put fifty cents in a vending 
machine for a 60c soda? You get a soda and an anti-dime. And anti-money could 
also be used in a war to make the other country run out of money. Just fly 
over them and drop big crates of anti-dollars.

So what do you think, /a/? Bet you wished you'd thought of it first, but nah,
it's MY idea, don't steal it.
%
The secret of Evangelion is that they took super robot pilots and reversed 
their genders. If Rei was male, he'd be the awesomely silent/cool/calm guy.
When he rushes that angel with an N2 mine under his arm sacrificing his life
...that is the scene where MANLY TEARS flow for A MAN'S WAY OF LIFE AND DEATH.
Asuka, if a man, would be an awesomely HOT BLOODED pilot. And pervy with his
advances on Shinji, but a little tsundere.
And Shinji, as a weak little girl, as a girl, puts it into context. You'd be
fapping furiously to Shinjiko every night because of her shy demeanour and
with girl Kaworu, Shinji x Kaworu would be amazingly hot.
%
A physicist, a biologist, and a mathematician are watching a building.

At 1:00, two people enter the building.

At 1:30, two people leave the building.

At 2:00, another person leaves the building.

They gather to discuss this.

The physicist says "Clearly, we must have made an error in our observations."
The biologist says "Well, according to the laws of nature, they must have
reproduced." The mathematician says: "Now, if one more person enters the
building, it will be empty again."
%
Ruby is for people who can't read the instructions for Python because 
they're written in English.
%
Great, so you just had to leave the opening for comparing the modern US to 
Nazi Germany. They're nothing alike. For one thing, the German uniforms were 
far snappier. That digital cammo stuff the US Army uses looks like ass. 
Second, Hitler actually served his country in time of war. Third, our war 
footage is in color now. So there!
%
YEAH VERY FUCKING FUNNY
I SPENT TWO FUCKING HOURS SEARCHING "BBCode tutorials" YOU ASSHOLE
AND ALL I FIND IS BULLSHIT YOU CANT WRITE A GAME IN BBCODE YOU MORON 
YOU WASTED TWO HOURS OF MY FUCKING LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!
%
I have a morning ritual that I need to share. I call it 'the terminator'. 
First I crouch down in the shower in the classic 'naked terminator traveling 
through time' pose. With my eyes closed I crouch there for a minute, 
visualizing either Arnold or the guy from the second movie (not the chick 
in the third one because that one sucked) and I start to hum the terminator 
theme. Then I slowly rise to a standing position and open my eyes. It helps 
me to proceed through my day as an emotionless, cyborg badass. The only 
problem is if the shower curtain sticks to my terminator leg. It ruins the 
fantasy.
%
Hey everyone! Get ready for 4Kid's new show for the Trinity Channel right
after Davey and Goliath. Its called "Bible Bless!" Join Tom Mincy and his 
classmates and teacher as they show how Jesus helps our everyday life through 
the power of hugging! Each episode is only 2 minutes long, so be sure to pay 
attention and not miss it!
%
"No, it's an expression made up by ENTERPRISE QUALITY programmers to provide 
clients worldwide with robust, scalable, modern turnkey implementations of 
flexible, personalized, cutting-edge Internet-enabled e-business application 
product suite e-solution architectures that accelerate response to customer 
and real-world market demands and reliably adapt to evolving technology needs, 
seamlessly and efficiently integrating and synchronizing with their existing 
legacy infrastructure, enhancing the e-readiness capabilities of their 
e-commerce production environments across the enterprise while giving them 
a critical competitive advantage and taking them to the next level."
%
"I want to buy a hooker, get her to my home and tell her i'll give her $500 if 
she listens to my small lectures about abstraction and lisp."
%
"It's utter bollocks. It isn't observation by a sentient being that causes the
wave function to collapse; it's interaction. The point being made by 
Schroedinger is that observation inescapably means interaction and thus
affecting the quantity being measured. Light from the supernova would be 
interacting with the earth regardless of whether scientists were there."
%
There was a post on Slashdot concerning the human brain and searching
algorithms, and one person jokingly replied with "Car keys are always in the
last place you look, so we know that brain based searching is inefficient at 
best." He then recieved no less than 7 replies to the effect of "well, you
obviously wouldn't keep looking once you've found them!" That's the kind of
place Slashdot is.
%
> Your donated XO laptop will soon be delivered into the hands of a child in

> Afghanistan, Cambodia, Haiti, Mongolia or Rwanda.

Somebody should collapse that poor child's wavefunction.
%
I think I can safely say that every single line of your post, including your
name, was idiotic and annoying. Please don't ever post again.
%
FINE GOD I THOUGHT THE PLACE WAS JUST FOR PHYSICAL DISABILITIES BUT YOU 
APPARENTLY FULFILLED THE MENTAL ASPECT TOO WHICH IS TOTALLY GOOD BECAUSE I AM 
ALL ABOUT AIDING THE REHABILITATION OF PEOPLE WITH MENTAL ILLNESSES AND HELPING
THEM COPE WITH THEIR TRAGIC LIVES

also oh god crazy girls are hot
%
The advantage [of XHMTL over HTML] is that you don't have to write an 
artificial intelligence engine that reasons "oh damn, this page is seriously 
fucked up, what could the editor have intended when he wrote this crap?" to 
parse XHTML -- a simple XML parser will do.
%
No matter how much money you spend, you can't make a racehorse out of a pig.
You can, however, make an awfully fast pig.
%
You don't really appreciate how smart a moron is until you try to design an AI.
%
LiFe is a mixture of iron and lithium.
%
If I ever get famous, I'm going to repeat some phrase a thousand times with 
slight variations just to bother people on the Internet.
%
Nobody has ever been in a position where they had their PC searched, since 
that only happens when you are suspected of a REAL crime.

If they found nothing on there but animated CP (loli), you would go to jail in
Canada.

If you go to jail in Canada, you go to jail in real life.
%
They want Obama to win, since there are a lot of towns in japan called Obama.

Seriously, there was a 1hr program on this on NHK not too long ago.
%
Touhou 1: Reimu goes on a genocidal rampage.

Touhou 2: Reimu seeks revenge for Mima's revenge for Reimu's previous rampage.

Touhou 3: Reimu interferes with academia and scientific progress.

Touhou 4: Reimu kills a youkai who tried to help her.

Touhou 5: Reimu orphans Alice and destroys an entire world for its creator's 
belief in free enterprise.

Touhou 6: Reimu places a little girl under house arrest.

Touhou 7: Reimu prevents an innocent girl from being revived.

CoLA: Reimu mugs a youkai for reading.

Touhou 7.5: Reimu breaks up parties.

Touhou 8: Reimu strips away Gensokyo's defenses against a Lunar invasion.

Touhou 9: Reimu attacks people for no good reason.

Touhou 9.5: Reimu becomes an undead zombie.

Touhou 10: Reimu oppresses other religions.
%
His signal adult achievement was ReiserFS, a file system he named for himself, 
unusual in the programming world. The system organizes data on Linux.
%
I think I understand SpectateSwamp a bit better after reviewing all of his 
posts. I believe that what he calls a 'Desktop Search' is a misnomer for 
something much greater. Think of a new user interface, such as Microsoft Bob, 
but only bigger. Now think of a new layer in the OSI model, namely the "Swamp" 
layer that sits above the application layer. Have you twisted your heads around 
that yet? Well if you have, then you can start to understand why SpectateSwamp 
is so excited about his concept! Imagine the computer architects of the world 
having to abstract all current data to the user through the "Swamp" layer, in 
effect turning all visual data into ASCII text, .JPG files, and .MPG files, 
all accessible through a simple and fun to use front end!
%
You should take him out for dinner at the most Western steakhouse you can find,
order him something like a 24 oz. ribeye he couldn't possibly eat all of, and 
pretend like this kind of thing is normal. Then go home and watch nothing but 
NASCAR or pro wrestling reruns, and pretend like you're really into it. Ask him
who his favorite country singers are, play some godawful twangy crap, and act 
like it's fucking Mozart. Hide all your anime, anything remotely Japanese, and 
if he brings up Japan ask if it's where Bruce Lee came from.

God I love exchange students.
%
Do you know why all societies have legends of sacred stones? BECAUSE THEY'RE
FUCKING EVERYWHERE. EVERYBODY HAD STONES! IT'S PRETTY MUCH ALL THEY HAD! 
They'd have had a hard time attributing magic powers to, say, a 1974 Dodge 
Challenger because they didn't have any.
%
I maintain that it is far better for a person to be able to read well than it 
is to write well.  You become a good writer by reading diligently and with 
great interest in how and what other people write.  You cannot possibly become 
a good writer simply by writing a lot.
%
I really need 911was_an_inside_job to tell me if we (sheeple) should wake up or
remain asleep. That would clench it for me.
%
>> I think that Ubuntu being referenced as something other than Linux is my 
biggest pet peeve.

> You mean other than *GNU/Linux*, right?

The last 10 percent of the code gets to name the whole thing. Them's the rules
now.
%
Man, if you don't kill someone using a super-elaborate scheme where nothing can
go wrong and do it in a different state with a stolen car which would be found 
somewhere in canada with no fingerprints because it exploded prior to being 
found while you have an alabi for being in europe during that entire month, 
it's not worth killing them: there's a risk of getting caught.
%
That's your solution to everything. Car won't start? Nuke it from orbit. 
Shoelace comes untied? Nuke it from orbit. Out of coffee? Nuke Colombia from 
orbit.
%
Remember the story of Variable Jesus, who allowed his own destructor to be 
called so that all other variables might have everlasting scope.
%
An RPG with no definitive story, no battles, no quests, mostly useless 
collectibles, very few puzzles beyond navigation, big empty maps filled with 
old-looking 2-D graphics. It should have failed every criteria of good game
design, yet it is so awesome you don't even notice.
%
> You see a loli crying because mother got run over by a car and died. 
> What do you do?

I take the corpse and the loli home with me. I have the corpse stuffed by 
a taxidermist. I have it positioned on all fours so that I can use it as a
stool. Then I sit on it and force the loli to fellate me while her dead
mother's glassy eyes stare back at her from beneath my genitals.
%
> You see a loli crying because mother got run over by a car and died. 
> What do you do?

I'd get out of the car and go "Oh, my bad, didn't see her. Want some candy,
little girl?"

Then she'd say yes because kids fucking love candy, and then I'd take her back
to my house and post pics of her bathing with me to /b/.
%
I would hold her hair out of the way when she was throwing up.
%
Work is work, a job is a job. Smile a lot, and people will think you're nice.
%
Hay guys I don't need to have ANY understanding of the underlying libraries 
amirite? It's because I am a toy language faget that uses Haskell. I just 
import some libraries and can get to the interesting stuff like sprite 
collision right away. When my game runs slow and I don't have a clue why 
because I never learned what actually happens at the lower levels I just blame 
Microsoft and then masturbate to a picture of the Sussman.
%
Socks are more comfortable than shoes. If walking around without shoes is that
uncomfortable, you are a fucking pussy. No, seriously.

Also, your feet dont stink IF YOU'RE NOT WEARING YOUR FUCKING SHOES 24/7!
%
Without the ero scenes you wouldn't get to suppress Roa in Ciel's ass.

And then you're not really playing the same Tsukihime as the rest of us.
%
I bet Kaguya would send Mokou to the couch to sleep, then come down at 3 in the
morning.

"Move over." 

"Wha... Kaguya?" 

"..." 

"Watch your elbows." 

"Ow." 

"..." 

"...We haven't done it in the living room yet have we?" 

"The bunnies will hear!" 

"Shut up and kiss me."
%
No. Chinese words are optional if you want to learn japanese. Anyways, if you 
learn japanese with a chinese accent, children in japan will run away from you 
and waiter will refuse to serve you.
%
I am Heron of Alexandria. I have a large beard and I create mathematical 
formulas. If you don't repost this comment on 10 other pages, I will use my 
primitive steam engine to induce mold in your walls.
%
Four ears, Wendy's, IfIseethatfuckingcatonemoretime, BRING OUT YOUR DEAD, etc.
%
Kanako just wants to distribute nuclear technology to friendly nations for 
peaceful purposes, but Yukari hates freedom and Kanako and wages proxy battles 
using smaller but equally freedom-hating character-nations like Reimu.
%
That's what happens when you get into heaven on your parent's coattails. She 
skipped an entire life of being able to experience pain, to sin, to be a bad 
girl. So now she's come back from heaven to make up for an eternity of fluffy 
clouds, chilled wine and being an enlightened good girl. She needs it rough, 
she needs to learn lust, and she needs to be a very bad girl.
%
HIKIKOMORI IS JAPANESE FOR SHUTIN

KAWAII IS JAPANESE FOR CUTE

KAKKOI IS JAPANESE FOR SUGOISUGOI
%
Sakuya was supposed to be a playable character in SA, but the communication 
link between the fighting and support characters has to be encrypted, and it's
extremely difficult to properly implement a one-time pad.
%
>>> RTFM. Page 2741:
>>>
>>> The following keys are reserved for use by the user: 
>>> CIRCLE, SQUARE, TRIANGLE, HYPER
>>
>> Aren't all keys reserved for use by the user?
>
>I have a man who comes in to push the Z key.

I've been meaning to ask: what are you supposed to tip for a thing like that?
%
Share whatever music or movies you want because they basically broke their deal
with us. That's right, they had a deal with us. We the people allowed creators 
of ideas, inventions, works of art, ect, to have a monopoly on that creation 
for a limited time so that they can make back their initial investment into 
that creation. For allowing them that grace period, they would then allow that 
work to fall into the public domain so everybody could benefit.

They broke their end of the deal by not letting that time period ever run out. 
So basically, deals off and I'll do whatever I god damned want. Until they come
back to the negotiation table it's open season on their ass. Most of 
Metallica's music is +20 years old. Until groups like this release their old 
stuff, I ain't buying their new stuff. We got THEM by the balls. Not the other 
way around.
%
It's morning. I arrive at work and start opening photo lab. Suddenly, I think
"(9)". I ridiculous grin spreads across my face. A warm feeling spreads through
my chest. Euphoria. I begin to laugh. A co-worker walks by. "What's funny?" she
asks. I open my mouth, overjoyed at the chance to spread such a happy feeling. 
I close it again. There's nothing to say. I can't share (9) with anyone in 
person. Regret overtakes me. My smile fades away. "Nothing really." I say. She 
gives me a look. She walks away.
%
(Regarding a Fisher Price camera that tries to infect PCs it comes in contact 
with with a virus:)

Ahhh, good old Fisher Price. They're not just making toys that are practically 
indestructible -- now they've upped the ante and made toys that actively attack
other objects!
%
The hero would be kind, compassionate and utterly devoted to a single woman.
That woman would be five years old.
%
People who say the "Mac is a PC" are missing the point. It's actually called a 
MAC. As opposed to a PC which is a "Personal Computer", a MAC is a "Miko Armpit
Computer". Current MACs don't actually have any Miko Armpit components in them,
though. However, they retain the designation because, like a Miko Armpit, some
people think they're smelly and gross while others want to lick them/stick 
their genitals inside of them.
%
My neighbor did this to me, dunno wtf he was thinking. I used aircrack to crack
his cheesy wep and connect to his wifi, did a quick ipconfig to find the 
gateway IP and logged into his router. I locked out all the local ports and 
enabled mac filtering for only my laptop, then renamed his SSID to "I SUCK 
COCK."

It was up for about two days, then it was gone so I'm guessing he finally 
figured out how to hard reset it, but then a new network popped up, named "FUCK
YOU BITCH." Repeated steps above, took an mp3 and renamed it .bin, then flashed
his router with it. Haven't seen any other dumb shit since.
%
Do you remember when there was no such thing as DLC?
And it was called updates? And it was free?
Do you remember a time when there was a modding community, and custom maps, and
not DLC mappacks?
Do you remember when women couldn't vote, and you could beat your kids?
Well, Pepperidge Farm remembers.
%
"Ah, the '90s: all the feigned enthusiasm of the '80s wrapped in self-aware 
cynicism. Like a snake eating its tail... whilst wearing a flannel shirt and 
humming a Crash Test Dummies song."
%
While I was in the Air Force, we were deployed on a hill near the base, and 
listening in on the HF chatter from the various planes coming in.

A British harrier pilot requested permission for a short landing, and was 
declined due to ice on the runway, and told to hold until brake values were
good for landing. So he requested permission for a low-altitude fly-by instead.

30 feet of the ground, thrusters turned downwards, at a speed of about ten 
knots, he literally de-iced the entire length of the runway, before requesting
permission for a short landing again.
%
"You hear that Mr. Japan? That is the sound of inevitability. It is the sound 
of your death. Goodbye, Mr. Japan."

"My name... is NIPPON!" [Slams China through the economic growth roof and lets
it get run over by GDP per capita train while Japan safely backflips onto 
established infrastructure and real government subway platform.]
%
Progress would be 44-oz, double-strength corn syrup dispensing machines with 
brilliant Hi-Def displays, providing delicious drinks to a thirsty public that
has no worries of diabetes, obesity or energy consumption because all of these
problems have been solved.

What you're describing is not progress, not a triumph of man. You're 
describing a wimpy surrender to the forces of nature. We of the future have no
use for your kind. Go back to your cave.
%
The type of person to be upset at this behavior has already stopped buying Sony
products due to numerous assholish moves in the past.

They are left with a customer base containing only the cream of the crap. 
People who are impossible to drive away because owning a playstation is more
important to them than the idea of spending money in a way that doesn't reward
morally bankrupt companies.

Pretty much every ps3 owner left is an apologist. Ethical people bailed after
the rootkits, or Lik-Sang, or OtherOS. For someone to get to this point without
taking issue with Sony policy is to be completely without a moral compass.
%
ORACLE: One Rich Asshole Called Larry Ellison
%
Majority organizations are like unions for bosses.
%
Would you buy a "-1 phone"? No, because you're not a minus, right? So, iPhone
users, why did you buy a -1^2 phone?
%
They ignored my friend requests. I ignored their cries for mercy.
%
> Why is it that the most misogynistic board is also the one most obsessed with 
> becoming female?

What do you do when all the women in the world suck? You disregard them and 
make a better woman. Once they not only know they aren't needed but realize 
they've been show up in their own game, they'll clean up their act.
%
When seconds count, your friendly neighborhood police officer is just minutes 
away!
%
It has the word "quantum" on it. It has to work. Albert Einstein invented
quantum. Do you think you are smarter than Einstein? Didn't think so.
%
During the height of the Soviet Empire a physicist was planning to escape the
USSR. He was cleared to travel, but, of course, he was not allowed to take with
him any wealth he had.

The man cleared the Soviet checkpoint with one piece of luggage and a couple of
suits thrown in. And, oh yeah, he managed to take all his wealth with him.

How did he do it?

Before he left, he sold off all his assets and bought platinum with the funds.
He stretched the platinum into wire and made coat hangers out of the wire. He
threw his suits over the "hangers" and cleared the checkpoint without incident. 
%
Using Apple is kind of like being one of the kids whose parents didn't tell them
Santa or the Tooth Fairy wasn't real until they were 16.

Using Linux is kind of like being one of the kids whose parents were alcoholics
but did their best, in between drunken rants about the futility of life.

I would finish this by saying using Windows is like being one of the kids whose
uncle used to have special sleep over parties, but I'd definitely get modded
flamebait. And I use Windows on my personal machines. And my uncle didn't touch
me.
%
When you look at your hand, or a pair of rockin' titties in front of you, you 
are actually looking at the past-- an outdated image. Speed of light isn't fast
enough for real-time titty viewing.
%
Curiosity was framed; ignorance killed the cat.
%
Soylent Green-- the taste differs from person to person.
%
Blessed are the pessimists, for they have made backups.
%
Teachers do it with class, statisticians do it with 95% confidence, and
SLASHDOTTERS do it with moderation!
%
Support bacteria! It's the only culture some people have.
%
So Buddha walks into a pizza parlor and says: "Hey, make me one with
everything."
%
Slashdot: When News Breaks, We Give You The Pieces
%
Evolution is a 'theory', just like gravity. If you don't like it, go jump off a
bridge.
%
Programming is like sex... make one mistake, and support it the rest of your
life.
%
If Bill Gates had a nickel for every time Windows crashed... ..oh wait, he does.
%
How's my programming? Call 1-800-DEV-NULL
%
Error, no keyboard - press F1 to continue.
%
"Very funny, Scotty. Now beam down my clothes."
%
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
%
You cannot have a General Will unless you have shared experiences. You cannot
be fair to people you don't know.
%
If getting off this rock isn't priority #1 then you're just burying your head in
the sand, and ignoring the fossil records found therein.
%
Is this nigga serious? We are current past the level of civilization 
advancement that this would matter. Even if there was no social contact at all
between humans, the species would survive since we know how to make children
from just sperm banks and what not.

Now it may threaten the continued gender rolls of the world, and I can see why
people would get mad at that. Grow up your entire life trying to do the best
you can to fill and excel at your gender roll only to later find out there is a
growing group of people that don't even care about it. And then no amount of
you yelling "huurr do and care about things that I do or you have no life",
will change it.
%
If voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal.
%
A week in the lab saves an hour in the library.
%
"Don't worry" said the tree when it saw the axe coming, "The handle is one of 
us."
%
> They bought Compaq to get DEC's class A IP address block.

Yep, that 10.0.0.0/8 was worth every penny!
%
> that feel when your such a shut in because you only leave your house to party with friends

do you know this feel bro? i do man ;_; i wish i could party every day, shutins for life though
%
iPhones don't have IP address because it's a Mac.

They have mac addresses instead.
%
Wise-sounding is the sentence that transposes subject and direct object.
%
I'm So Meta, Even This Acronym,
%
...but the moment you start to explain things from this nutcase universe, you
immediately ruin it. If it were midichlorians, it would have been a genetical
condition, and everybody would start with a breeding and/or GE program 
immediately; sperm banks would sell midi+ sperm at a huge uptick, and in general
everybody would try to secure midis for his kids. After a thousand years either
everyone, or everyone belonging to the upper crust would have tons of midi+ in
their blood, and the Jedi order would either have been transformed to an
elementary school training program or an academy for the social and financial
Elite. And now you have to make up huge amounts of bullshit to explain why that
never happened, and so on. 
%
Follow your bliss? It went onto a tissue and then into a trash bag that some guy
took away.
%
There once was a story of a poster who was a respected member of his anonymous
community. He was diligent at keeping the peace with his fellow Anons.
Suddenly, one day he couldn't handle the influx of off topic posting. This off
topic drove anon mad! He then decided to use his quick wit and irony he made
defamatory remarks and wud tell ppl 2 suk dik rofl thn he shitposted so hard
nerds flt it in their colons xDdd he ended da day makin an epic new memes epic
%
Like my dad said about coyotes: if they can't fuck it or eat it, they piss on it.
%
Ask her what she ate so that you can imagine what her farts smell like.
%
> It's not horrid

A sentiment I find often associated with various versions of Windows. Just 
yesterday I was speaking with a former Vietnam POW who'd had his fingernails
pulled out with pliers, and he commented that the time he bought a mid-range
laptop in the early days of Vista was 'pretty fucking awful but not the worst
thing that has ever happened to me'.
%
Listen buddy I don't know who you are or who the fuck you think you are but you
never I repeat NEVER fucking insult my wife Misaka "Sparky-chan" Mikoto unless
you want me to make your life a living hell.
%
Slow is smooth, and smooth is fast.
%
You can say that five times fast or one time slow.
%
Lack of speed can be overcome. In the worst case by patience. Lack of capacity,
not quite so easily.
%
My favorite scene in Independence Day was when they got to the asteroid and 
Denzel Washington killed those two aliens and was all like "Welcome to Mars,
man! Would you like to know more?"
%
I like Masaki Sato because it seems like she became an idol on accident and now
she has no idea of what to do.
%
Extra! Extra! Read all about it! Laws too dense for average citizens to
understand, too vague to prevent massive abuse! Please. You're all felons. You
haven't been prosecuted because you haven't pissed anyone off enough to become
one, but all I need to do is record you going about your daily business for a
week, and I'll find enough dirt to keep you locked up for a long time. Every.
Last. One of you. Except perhaps the person who can't read this, because
they're in a coma, in a hospital bed. And that poor, poor bastard is only
avoiding his fate for as long as his bank account continues to pay off his
mortgages and student loans. Once the money runs out, yeah... he's gonna be a
felon too.
%
To those who understand, no explanation is necessary.

To those who ask "But WHY?", no explanation is possible.
%
I've been seeing people on forums defending Metro with statements like, "It's
fine! Just use your keyboard to type in the name of the program you want to
launch." Wait a minute. Keyboard? Isn't Metro supposed to be a tablet
interface? What kind of interface would force the user to use a tablet
keyboard, with their lousy tactfile feedback?

Windows users now are the new Amiga users of this decade. You'll whinge and
insist your platform isn't dead, but I'm going to tell you the same thing from
my GNU/Linux desktop now that I told the Amiga users from my GNU/Linux desktop
in 1998: It's over, Microsoft is finished.
%
If Team Rocket stole my dog I will make the movie Taken look like Baby
Einstein.
%
"Star Wars X11: The Flying Leopard." Luke Skywalker (Justin Beiber) and Hans
Solo (Ashton Kucher) compete for the attentions of Princess Leia (Taylor
Swift). The sniping gets nasty and escalates into fist fights, which Hans wins
easily. Humiliated, Luke decides to train in the ancient Jedi martial art of
"Domas", which coincidentally looks a lot like Bruce Lee's Jeet Kune Do, only
with CGI enhancements. Hans gets a surprise in the big showdown when Luke
delivers a flying kick, but the match continues. Suddenly the alarm sounds...
it turns out that a squadron of 10,000 Imperial fighter craft have been
spotted, and many of them have crew who were also trained in martial arts.
%
I think the better argument is that it's selfish to have kids because there are
so many orphans and the world is already populated beyond what the current
systems can support. But people just have to have little half-clones running
around - like their genes are sooo special.
%
But without Openfeint's ranking system, how will I measure my high scores
against the biggest integers that hackers can think of?
%
> Guys we can't let gnome die. Because then all its devs would start fucking up
> other desktops.

Devs can die with the project.
%
Dear America,

Thank you for your interest in our extradition program.  Unfortunately, your
submission does not meet our needs at this time.

We wish you success in any non-violent and moral endeavors and hope you will
undertake some in the future.

Best regards,
Hong Kong
%
I think it's because people don't take mental illness as seriously. Think of
all the people who look at depression and say, "just snap out of it!" Same
thing here. They're sane, and they don't think insanity exists. They just think
other sane people do these things for fun.
%
Are you sure? In my nationality/language we never use male/female for humans.
If you did that, you'd sound either like a hallucinating dog breeder, a pervert
or Dr. Mengele. I'm pretty sure this also applies to the five-odd other
languages I'm familiar with whereas I hear/read male and female in (American)
English all the time.
%
The very thing that makes an 'embrace, extend, extinguish' strategy at all
possible is an open and permissive license (similar to the BSD license) for the
original concepts and/or code.
%
No, change from within would be like becoming a Nazi because you think killing
Jews is wrong, rising through the ranks by slaughtering Jews, and then when
you're near the top starting to say, "Uh, maybe we should kill less Jews."

It's just about the least effective method at changing a large organized
entity. Probably right with an online petition.
%
MSG is the Fan Death of White people.
%
No sane person proposes or has ever proposed an entirely utilitarian,
production-oriented view of human purpose. We cannot merely produce goods and
services as efficiently as we can, sell them to each other as cheaply as
possible, and die.
%
I would drag my dick across a mile of broken glass to hear you fart out of a
walkie talkie.
%
I'd drag my balls across three miles of broken glass just to sniff the rubber
of the tires of the laundry truck that brings her panties to town.
%
This isn't really accurate. Here and there (especially if "there" is a
corporate boardroom) you really do find competent and successful sociopaths,
but most people on the sociopathy spectrum have crippling problems with
impulse control, visibly inappropriate behavior, and so on.
%
Aww, but I wanted to hold my idiotic "knowledge" of ancient "rules" invented
by people without the authority to do so for the nouveau riche who wanted to
speak like the aristocracy, over others, and then talk about the black
community "degrading" language.
%
Idle and educated hands will always find work. Idle, educated hands connected
to hungry stomachs and angry souls will often find scary work.
%
Yes! It was as i thought... the Sakutarou were a common toy and not hand-made
by that lying bitch Rosa!

But wait! Didn't rosa own her clothing company? What if she did indeed design
and sell that same line of Sakutarou that she gave to Maria and became popular
on the mainland?

But wait! This was on the boat, which means it may have been some sort of
collection Rosa gave the boat captain. Or perhaps they're in some sort of
dimensional rift whenever they're on the boat, or maybe Ange and the boat
captain are unreliable narrators and this scene never really took place or is
not telling the whole truth!
%
I've tried nothing, and I'm all out of ideas!
%
I don't even. I would explain it to you, but I have neither the time nor the
crayons to do so.
%
Ignorance was the real killer. Curiosity was framed.
%
The NSA revelations are to computer scientists what the dropping of the A-bomb
was to nuclear scientists, a wake up call and a gravestone of an age of
innocence in the field.
%
Should you wish to dispute this ban, please: Deal with it, bitch.
%
Not sure why you're being down voted, this is the country where:

We don't torture we enhance interrogation.

We don't use the medieval water torture, we waterboard.

We don't use the rack, we use stress potions.

They aren't POWs, they are enemy combatants.

We don't kidnap and torture without trial, we rendition.

And while we're at it we relax air pollution rules with the Clean Skies Act.

We allow logging in national forests with the Healthy Forests Initiative.

And we allow the entire constitution to be ignored with the PATRIOT act.
%
Hardware eventually breaks, software eventually works.
%
"Forever" has lost some of its force, with all those "I'll love you forever"
floating around. Now it just means about two years.
%
I'M NOT ADDICTED TO COCAINE, IT'S JUST A MOOD STABILIZER.
%
That's the odd thing. Fiction has to be believable, but reality doesn't. We
live in such a poorly-managed universe if we don't even have a single particle
of narrativium to make sure discrepancies like that never happen.
%
How could it get worse?!?!? HOW COULD IT GET WORSE?!?!?

Hippies! Gangster rap! Rock and roll music! Liberal Democrat college kids
voting! Cats and dogs living together! Non-whites moving to the neighborhood!
Wild parties! Inappropriate T-shirts worn in public! The Mittlestrauses across
the street leaving their snow shovel out on the front porch for a full 9 HOURS
after they finish shoveling, in CLEAR VIOLATION OF THE HOA COVENANTS! Either
one of the Mittlestrauses (or God forbid, both!) getting elected to the HOA
board! Muslims moving to the neighborhood! Celebration of Kwanza! Folks who
don't go to church moving to the neighborhood! Folks who don't go to the right
church moving to the neighborhood! Catholics! M-O-R-M-O-N-S! Legal marijuana!
THE MORAL DECAY OF AMERICA! Intemperance of any sort! People who don't speak
English moving to the neighborhood! People living in RVs! Young people living
in RVs! People tearing out their front lawns to grow organic veggies in CLEAR
VIOLATION OF THE HOA COVENANTS! Declining property values! The vague potential
of declining property values! The decline of the Protestant work ethic! The
decline of REAL AMERICAN FAMILY VALUES! Feminism! Children who don't respect
their elders!
%
Ten Principles of the Revolution

1. Stendarr says: From each according to their ability, to each according to
   their need.
2. Arkay says: Honor the Martyrs.
3. Mara says: Preserve the peace and security of the Unions and the Republic.
4. Zenithar says: The means of production shall be held in common.
5. Talos says: Be bold against reactionaries and the counterrevolution, and
   defend the People.
6. Kynareth says: Take from Nature only that which is required.
7. Dibella says: Free Love.
8. Julianos says: The Law is under the People's will only.
9. Akatosh says: Serve the Republic with loyalty. Study the Covenants. Worship
   the Nine, do your duty, and heed the will of the People.
10. The Nine say: Above all else, be good to one another. 
%
I'm not going to bring chicken nuggets home for thanksgiving dinner, but if
someone is just handing them out, I'd take one.
%
The successes of the ISEE-3 Reboot project demonstrate the importance of
developing, maintaining, and promoting free software. With dozens of
contributors and thousands of users, GNU Radio is written to be shared,
learned, and improved by anyone, anywhere -- unlike the lost proprietary
communications equipment used by NASA.
%
I have no idea.

I do know I am probably more terrified of cops than I am of criminals I have
known.

Most criminals don't have the power to ruin my life by mistake. Like, if a
random misidentifies me in a crime, I might go to jail. If a cop does, I
absolutely will. If a random person mistakenly thinks I might have drugs in my
car, they might avoid me. If a cop makes that mistake, they will total my car
and I'll have no recourse.

I avoid cops in the same way an ant avoids a foot, or the same way I don't
touch a hot stove. I don't think either are bad. I don't blame either. I think
being squished or burned is something I don't want to happen.

I also don't think I see any evidence of there being any effort to really
reduce the amount of harms cops can do by accident. So there's a lot I'd do or
go through before calling one.
%
Reimu is a Christmas Cake.

A delicious, hairy kitty, big-nippled, wide-hipped, fat-assed Christmas Cake.
%
An even easier solution is to capitulate to the realization that loneliness is
the only universal constant, and that nothing you can do- absolutely nothing-
will ever allow you to bridge the gap between your 5 to 6 foot meat prison and
another's. Because of that, you will never really know anyone, and, further,
no one will ever really know you. You and I and every single person on this
planet are completely alone and always will be.

Love, relationships, connections, all these things are just proof of ridiculous
hubris of mankind, the lies our brain tells itself to keep itself alive. Better
to realize that not only do we all die alone, but every single one of us lives
alone as well.

Lol nah jk just be good to one another.
%
> but what's that they say about gift horses?

That the bloody nag will up and die on you the day after you've just spent a
fortune buying a new saddle, bridle and bit and now your stuck with them and no
horse and worse you've got a giant stinking horse corpse that the glue factory
won't even take for free because it was in such shitty condition so by now
you're really regretting not looking that damned scrawny, cancerous horse in
the damned mouth before you agreed to accept it.
%
7/11 was a part time job.

Microwaves can't melt frozen burritos.
%
If someone is convincing you the other guy is the Antichrist, who is the
charismatic one spouting empty words?
%
How things work with different companies when caught doing something evil:

Google:

No we are not evil. This is a conspiracy. We release open source so we can't
possibly be evil. Everyone else is evil!

Microsoft

Sorry, we will change, we promise. Just don't hate us, please!

Oracle

Yeah, we are. What are you gonna do about it?
%
> True love isn't about possession, it's about admiration.

If you love something, chain it to a radiator.
%
"Should" is the name of the bear. If you say his name, he will find you and eat
you.
%
yep. windows 10 is out to get you. its a ploy. its a sham. it's going to slap
your wife and teach your kids to smoke. it's convincing some parts of nasa to
use metric while simultaneously convincing other parts of the agency to use
imperial. it's pounding down shots with your niece in a bar on spring break
trying to get her drunk enough to appear in a girls gone wild style video. it's
just punched a small bird. it's registered to vote in a primary for a political
party its not a member of just so it can write in "ellis mcpickle" for
president. it drinks lite beer.

you can't avoid it and you can't run. you have no choice in the matter. you
will use it and learn to love it so that the next time they do a major release
you can come up with the same laundry list issues that you didn't do a fscking
thing about this or any other time...and core the shit out of us all again.
%
Take your discussion and fuck yourself with it. That's all I have to say. I'm
done having "discussions" with people like you. That ship has fucking sailed.
There's no discussion here other than me telling you to go fuck yourself with a
chainsaw. The bullshit you are spewing may be some abstract worldview to you,
but it has done concrete harm to actual human beings and I'm sick of it.

The dialogue is over. The time for talking with people like you is long gone,
it hasn't accomplished anything. Jesus fucking Christ himself could descend
from the heavens to tell you that you're an incredibly thick and dim-witted
asshole, and it wouldn't fucking matter- you would still blunder your way to
your fellow fuckwits and claim victory.

Either come join us on planet earth or go back to your own people in the
bullshit nebula.
%
Kekeke, huehuehue, 55555, or cyka blyat, all you'll ever need to communicate
online.
%
Honestly? Not capitalized the "is" in your name, which it should be as you only
don't capitalize articles, coordinating conjunctions, and prepositions that
contain fewer than five letters. Your username is literally worse than Grammar
Hitler. 
%
In approximate order of arrival:

- NPAPI fully deprecated
- US adopts metric
- Final ReiserFS patches found scribbled beneath prison letter stamps
- Consumer migration to IPv6
- World peace (not including the OpenBSD mailing lists)
- Non-corrupting SCTP firewall implementation
- Perpetual motion machine
- Aesthetically pleasing Java Swing app
- Esperanto
- A week without a Flash vulnerability
- Firefly season 2
- GNU Hurd 1.0
%
I'm no expert on bisexuality but I'm pretty sure it's like Launch from Dragon
Ball. You change every time you sneeze.
%
A bullet may have your name on it, but a grenade is addressed 'to whom it may
concern'.
%
...if you want me to "act professional," I can tell you that I'm not interested.
I'm sitting in my home office wearing a bathrobe. The same way I'm not going to
start wearing ties, I'm also not going to buy into the fake politeness, the
lying, the office politics and backstabbing, the passive aggressiveness, and
the buzzwords. Because THAT is what "acting professionally" results in: people
resort to all kinds of really nasty things because they are forced to act out
their normal urges in unnatural ways.

- Linus Torvalds
%
That reminds me of a topic in the /r/techsupport subreddit where a guy
accidentally added his entire collection of pr0n pictures to his Google Picasa.
The most disturbing thing about this is that his Google Picasa grouped all the
pictures of his mom, sister, and female friends with porn actresses that looked
very similar. This left him scarred for life, when he saw his mom next to
pictures of naked women that look very similar.
%
As someone who owned a house near the beach in Florida, I can tell you the best
guest room to have is one with unpainted cinder block walls, a concrete bed, one
dim light bulb hanging from a wire from the ceiling, one small picture of Josef
Stalin, and a few wadded up pieces of toilet paper in one corner of the room.
%
Best way to quit target. Just a bit of advice, go to the dairy cooler the day
before they pick up those 4pk 1gal milk crates, there should be a ludicrous
amount of them stacked in a corner. Now, be sure to make a few apperiences on
the floor but spend most of the time in the cooler building a fort with the
crates. By the time your shift is up you should have a fairly elaborate fort
constructed. Now just clock out half an hour early and leave without warning.
If all goes as planned you'll be banned for life from the target because your
shitty manager who slacked off all day and never noticed you disappear will
report that you had a psychotic break in order to cover up his own dumb ass.
Fuck you Jay. 
%
Nice subjunctive mood you got there. It'd be a shame if anything was to happen
to it.
%
That's rad, I hope they all have super cool unique badges and I bet it's rad
when the State Police are like "this bank robbery was a murder, this is State
Jurisdiction now" and the Finanzini are all "mama mia the Finanzo will hear of
this" and then the Carabinieri show up and they're like "they were terrorists,
this is a defense matter now" and then they're all like "ciao, ciao" and kiss
each other's cheeks.
%
Is Friendsgiving when you get friend-zoned and you and your female bff exchange
gifts with each other, and you buy her some jewelry hoping that she'll take the
hint whereas she buys you some funny socks, and the next day while you're
creeping her on Facebook you see a picture of her wearing said jewelry at her
boyfriend's family's Thanksgiving so you go take a bath with a toaster?
%
Someone brought up the following metaphor to explain Meltdown and spectre:

Imagine you're in middle management and you (Process1) and your fellow 
co worker (Process 2) share an assistant called "CPU".

Due to his contract he isn't allowed to tell you what your co worker is
working on and neither is he allowed to tell your co worker what you are
working on.

Now you just ask him if he could send you the financial reports of your company
and observer how fast he does so. By comparing his "response time" to other
requests you can make a guess about what he pulled from cache (was working on
already) and what he had to get first. You're indirectly asking him what your
co worker is doing via random requests.
%
Have you run into a situation where your trust in the company is truly tested?

For instance, in the context of interpersonal relationships/friendships, I've
noticed that people think they are "good" friends when they potentially aren't.
The first real test of a friendship comes around when they have a serious and
legitimate disagreement or argument about something. Most friendships do not
survive past this stage and most shallow friendships never get to go through
such a test either so the people in the friendship go on thinking they have a
meaningful and strong friendship and this impression is likely an illusion.

What I am trying to say is that until a genuine test comes along, you can't
truly say a friendship is solid or a company is great. Call me cynical but
reality has consistently failed to prove this view wrong.
%
That is why it is important to calculate the amount of slack in the rope which
is used for hanging. The calculation is based on the body weight of the subject
with drop distance. If there is too less drop then it will result in nasty
asphyxiation, if there is too much drop then it will be a clean decapitation
like that is Saddam Hussein. Drop distance in feet = 1260 to 1100/weight in
pounds; tells you how much drop distance must be there with fully extended rope.

Type of rope is also important. Best rope out there is Hemp rope, or one can
use any other ideally non stretchable rope itself.

Next is positioning of knot, ideally it needs to be positioned not that the
back but on the side, beneath the ear.
%
In the first book Catelyn refers to "it" as quickening, in the old definition
of the word which means to thicken. And in this case the "it" is Ned's "seed".
I hate that you've reminded me of this shit.
%
Supreme Court has ruled that having your finger pressed against a reader isn't
a 5th Amendment violation, whereas forced inputting of a password is a
violation of the 5th Amendment. If you want to use biometrics for security, use
it in conjunction with a secure passphrase
%
Instead of a blankey I used to always carry around and sleep with an old
ragged t-shirt my father used to wear so I called it my daddy shirt.
%
If you actually actually read the Bible, you'll find Satan in the modern
interpretation, as the fallen Angel Lucifer, isn't even in there.

In the Hebrew Bible you'll see hasatan mentioned. However this is just "the
adversary" a catch-all term for a number of antagonists in biblical stories.

In Islamic writings you'll see mention to Shaitan (or Iblis), who was a jinn
that refused to prostrate himself before Adam.

And in the Book of Revelations there's discussion of a war in heaven but a
fallen angel is not specifically mentioned, rather the antagonist is referred
to as the Dragon, and possesses his own army of angels.
%
Theres a particular pathology endemic to the professional managerial class
where they sincerely believe that theyre the ones keeping the machines
running. In reality, of course the workers are the ones keeping the machines
running. But to the PMC, the workers are the machines, and they hold that said
flesh-robots would simply grind to a screeching halt were it not for their
continued insistence that they get off their phones, maintain a strict dress
code and wear at least ten pieces of flair.

Its an inherently dehumanizing worldview, and it infects every single aspect
of the way that they think.
