Of all the weapons in the vast soviet arsenal nothing was more profitable
than Avtomat Kalashnikova model of 1947, more commonly known as the AK-47
or Kalashnikov. It's the worlds most popular assault rifle, a weapon all 
fighters love. An elegantly simple nine pound amalgamation of forged steel 
and plywood; it doesnt break, jam, or overheat. It will fire whether it's
covered in mud or filled with sand. It's so easy even a child could use it 
(and they do.) The Soviets put the gun on a coin. Mozambique put it on their 
flag. Since the end of the Cold War, the Kalashnikov has become the Russian 
people's greatest export. After that comes vodka, caviar, and suicidal novel-
ists. One thing is for sure: no one was lining up to buy their cars.
%
A leader is best when people barely know that he exists.
Less good when they obey and acclaim him.
Worse when they fear and despise him.
Fail to honor people, and they fail to honor you.
But of a good leader, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled,
they will say, "We did this ourselves."
--Lao-Tzu
%
Eye halve a spelling chequer
It came with my pea sea
It plainly marques four my revue
Miss steaks eye kin knot sea.
Eye strike a key and type a word
And weight four it two say
Weather eye am wrong oar write
It shows me strait a weigh.
As soon as a mist ache is maid
It nose bee fore two long
And eye can put the error rite
Its rare lea ever wrong.
Eye have run this poem threw it
I am shore you pleased two no
Its letter perfect awl the weigh
My chequer tolled me sew
%
Mein Fuhrer, I Can Walk!
%
ACHTUNG!  ALLES LOOKENSPEEPERS!

Alles touristen und non-technischen looken peepers!
Das computermachine ist nicht fuer gefingerpoken und mittengrabben.
Ist easy schnappen der springenwerk, blowenfusen und poppencorken
mit spitzensparken.  Ist nicht fuer gewerken bei das dumpkopfen.
Das rubbernecken sichtseeren keepen das cotten-pickenen hans in das
pockets muss; relaxen und watchen das blinkenlichten.
%
I am going to reveal to you, in a few words, one of the great mysteries 
of human life. Man exhausts himself by two acts, instinctively accomplished,
which dry up the sources of his existence. Two words express all the forms 
that these two causes of death can assume: will and power. Between these two 
terms of human action there is another formula which wise men cling to, and 
to it I owe my hapiness and long life. The exercise of will consumes us; the 
exercise of power destroys us; but the pursuit of knowledge leaves our 
infirm constitution in a state of perpetual calm. So desire or volition is 
dead in me, killed by thought.
%
People who see this are blessed with good luck! In concrete terms, your test
results will go up three points on average, and on your school trip, you'll
be able to have your picture taken with the girl you like! Well, it'll be a
group photo...
%
Hacker with bullhorn: "Save your money! Accept one of our free tanks! It is 
invulnerable, and can drive across rocks and swamps at ninety miles an hour
while getting a hundred miles to the gallon!"

Prospective station wagon buyer: "I know what you say is true... but... er... 
I don't know how to maintain a tank!"

Bullhorn: "You don't know how to maintain a station wagon either!"

Buyer: "But this dealership has mechanics on staff. If something goes wrong 
with my station wagon, I can take a day off work, bring it here, and pay them 
to work on it while I sit in the waiting room for hours, listening to elevator 
music."

Bullhorn: "But if you accept one of our free tanks we will send volunteers to 
your house to fix it for free while you sleep!"

Buyer: "Stay away from my house, you freak!"
%
This is exactly how the World Wide Web works: the HTML files are the pithy
description on the paper tape, and your Web browser is Ronald Reagan. The 
same is true of Graphical User Interfaces in general.
%
Apparently this actually works to some degree, for police in many lands are 
now complaining that local arrestees are insisting on having their Miranda 
rights read to them, just like perps in American TV cop shows. When it's 
explained to them that they are in a different country, where those rights 
do not exist, they become outraged. Starsky and Hutch reruns, dubbed into 
diverse languages, may turn out, in the long run, to be a greater force for 
human rights than the Declaration of Independence.
%
This is all strongly reminiscent of the heyday of Communism and Socialism, 
when the bourgeoisie were hated from both ends: by the proles, because they 
had all the money, and by the intelligentsia, because of their tendency to 
spend it on lawn ornaments.
%
What made old epics like Gilgamesh so powerful and so long-lived was that
they were living bodies of narrative that many people knew by heart, and told 
over and over again--making their own personal embellishments whenever it 
struck their fancy. The bad embellishments were shouted down, the good ones 
picked up by others, polished, improved, and, over time, incorporated into 
the story. Likewise, Unix is known, loved, and understood by so many hackers 
that it can be re-created from scratch whenever someone needs it. This is 
very difficult to understand for people who are accustomed to thinking of 
OSes as things that absolutely have to be bought.
%
Of late, Be has responded to the tiresome accusation that they are doomed 
with the assertion that BeOS is "a media operating system" made for media 
content creators, and hence is not really in competition with Windows at 
all. This is a little bit disingenuous. To go back to the car dealership
analogy, it is like the Batmobile dealer claiming that he is not really 
in competition with the others because his car can go three times as fast 
as theirs and is also capable of flying.
%
Most women are so artificial that they have no sense of Art.  Most men are so 
natural that they have no sense of Beauty.
%
None of us are perfect. All of us are flawed. We all recognize imperfections in
our own personalities. It is only the extent of these imperfections which 
separate the healthy from the tortured.
%
Dead people are supposed to have faces that look like they're sleeping 
peacefully, right?! There's no face, my dad and Kyrie have no faces! I don't
even know what kind of faces they were wearing when they died!!! What's wrong
with me?! Will I have to see these faces, smashed up like they're monsters,
every time I remember Dad and the rest?! That's just great. I don't even want
to remember that old bastard's smug face. Just great! Just great!
%
I killed and killed and killed.

I killed many people to act on my ideal.
I killed so many that I stopped caring about innocent people, and I saved a 
thousand times as many as I killed.
%
"There's a time when the operation of the machine becomes so odious- makes you 
so sick at heart- that you can't take part. You can't even passively take part.
And you've got to put your bodies upon the gears and upon the wheels, upon the 
levers, upon all the apparatus, and you've got to make it stop. And you've got
to indicate to the people who run it, to the people who own it that unless
you're free, the machine will be prevented from working at all."
%
My answer to him was, "John, when people thought the earth was flat, they were
wrong. When people thought the earth was spherical, they were wrong. But if you
think that thinking the earth is spherical is just as wrong as thinking the 
earth is flat, then your view is wronger than both of them put together."
%
It's not enough that I should succeed-- others should fail.
%
What happens when you stick the wrong EPROM in the eraser? FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
%
The total amount of suffering per year in the natural world is beyond all 
decent contemplation. During the minute that it takes me to compose this 
sentence, thousands of animals are being eaten alive, many others are running
for their lives, whimpering with fear, others are slowly being devoured from
within by rasping parasites, thousands of all kinds are dying of starvation,
thirst, and disease. It must be so. If there ever is a time of plenty, this
very fact will automatically lead to an increase in the population until the
natural state of starvation and misery is restored. In a universe of electrons
and selfish genes, blind physical forces and genetic replication, some people
are going to get hurt, other people are going to get lucky, and you won't find
any rhyme or reason in it, nor any justice. The universe that we observe has
precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no
purpose, no evil, no good, nothing but pitiless indifference.

-- Richard Dawkins, River Out of Eden
%
Love is the condition in which another's person happiness is essential to your
own.

-- Robert Heinlein
%
You don't know me, son, so let me explain this to you once: If I ever kill you,
you'll be awake. You'll be facing me. And you'll be armed.
%
"There's a time when the operation of the machine becomes so odious-- makes you
so sick at heart-- that you can't take part. You can't even passively take 
part. And you've got to put your bodies upon the gears and upon the wheels, 
upon the levers, upon all the apparatus, and you've got to make it stop. And 
you've got to indicate to the people who run it, to the people who own it, that
unless you're free, the machine will be prevented from working at all.
%
"Is," "is." "is" . the idiocy of the word haunts me. If it were abolished, 
human thought might begin to make sense. I don't know what anything "is"; I 
only know how it seems to me at this moment.

-- Robert Anton Wilson
%
Pythia talks about a flood. Wiped out most of humanity. Nobody blames the 
flood. Flood is a force of Nature. Through Flood mankind is rejuvenated, born
again. I was another Flood. You see, I blamed myself. I blamed myself. But God
made the man that made that choice. God made us all perfect. And in that 
thought, all my guilt flies away. Flies away like a bird.
%
Lampkin: I always imagined you a realist, Admiral. Not one to indulge a vain
hope at the cost of lives, but then everyone has his limits. Sine qua non as
they say.

Adama: Without which not.

Lampkin: Yes, those things we deem essential, without which we cannot bear
living. Without which life in general loses its specific value. Becomes,
abstract.
%
"On a lonely planet spinning it's way to damnation, amid the fear and despair of
a broken human race, who is there to fight for what is good and pure and get 
smashed for under a fiver? Yes! It's the surprising adventures of me! Sir Digby
Chicken Caesar!"
%
"In a city gripped by fear and greed on streets greased with blood and tears, 
who is there to look out for the little guy? and see if he's got any money on
him? Yes! It's the surprising adventures of me! Sir Digby Chicken Caesar!"
%
"In a time future historians will one day call the past, at a place I wish I
could name but it's been a confusing week, who is left to look out for the man
on the street in case he wants his mobile back? Yes! It's the surprising
adventures of me! Sir Digby Chicken Caesar!"
%
"In a world spinning as fast as the inside of home base when you've just had a
go at a four pack of testacans, who is left to fight for all that is right and
proper and good and full of money and belongings of that teenager who doesn't
look like he can handle himself? Yes! It's the surprising adventures of me! Sir
Digby Chicken Caesar!"
%
"In a country lacerated by the sharp shards of broken promises, in a world bent
low by the burdens of disease and war and the price of thunderbird, who is left
to make a full account to god of Britain's depleted moral minibar? Yes! It's the
surprising adventures of me! Sir Digby Chicken Caesar!"
%
"In a world spinning rapidly off it's hinges, of steets cluttered with
hood-wielding thugs having disco biscuits and cheap fireworks, who is left to
fight for honour and justice and enough loose change for a bottle of happy
shopper uzo? Yes! It's the surprising adventures of me! Sir Digby Chicken
Caesar!" 
%
"There is hardly anything in this world that some man cannot make a little 
worse and sell a little cheaper, and those people who consider price only, are
this man's lawful prey. It is unwise to pay too much, but it's worse to pay too
little. When you pay too much you lose a little money - that is all. When you
pay too little, you sometimes lose everything, because the thing you bought was
incapable of doing the thing it was bought to do. The common law of business
balance prohibits paying a little and getting a lot; it cannot be done. If you
deal with the lowest bidder, it is well to add something for the risk you run,
and if you do that you will have enough to pay for something better." 
%
"I'm not surprised you get along well with all the other neighbours. If you put
fifty children with Down's syndrome in a room there is going to be a lot of 
hugging."
%
"To argue with a man who has renounced the use and authority of reason is like
administering medicine to the dead."

--Thomas Paine
%
"No field of knowledge is so transparently simple as another's."

--Michael Flynn
%
Either way, I have lost control over this situation, and this is my only way to
regain control. … Remember, it's not whether you win or lose, it's whether I win
or lose, and sitting in jail for 20, 10, or even 5 years for a crime I didn't
commit is not me winning. I die free.

--Jonathan James
%
"It is no crime to be ignorant of economics, which is, after all, a specialized
discipline and one that most people consider to be a ‘dismal science.’ But it
is totally irresponsible to have a loud and vociferous opinion on economic
subjects while remaining in this state of ignorance."

--Murray Rothbard.
%
Laws are like cobwebs, which may catch small flies, but let wasps and hornets
break through.
%
Joan Holloway: He may act like he wants a secretary, but most of the time
they're looking for something between a mother and a waitress. And the rest of
the time, well... Go home, take a paper bag and cut some eye holes out of it.
Put it over your head, look in the mirror and try and evaluate your strengths
and weaknesses. And try and be honest.
%
Marie Calvet: Not every little girl gets to do what she wants. The world cannot
support that many ballerinas.
%
"The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the
spectrum of acceptable opinion, but allow very lively debate within that
spectrum - even encourage the more critical and dissident views. That gives
people the sense that there's free thinking going on, while all the time the
presuppositions of the system are being reinforced by the limits put on the
range of the debate."

-- Noam Chomsky
%
"You'll worry less about what people think about you when you realize how
seldom they do."

-- David Foster Wallace
%
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit, while wisdom is knowing not to put it
in a fruit salad.
%
You're either awfully open-minded or you're making fun of me.
%
And when the last law was down, and the Devil turned 'round on you, where would
you hide, Roper, the laws all being flat? This country's planted thick with
laws from coast to coast-- man's laws, not God's-- and if you cut them down--
and you're just the man to do it-- do you really think you could stand upright
in the winds that would blow then? Yes, I'd give the Devil benefit of law, for
my own safety's sake!

-- More, A Man for All Seasons
%
"The trouble with fighting for human freedom is that one spends most of one's
time defending scoundrels. For it is against scoundrels that oppressive laws
are first aimed, and oppression must be stopped at the beginning if it is to
be stopped at all."

-- H. L. Mencken
%
In its majestic equality, the law forbids rich and poor alike to sleep under
bridges, beg in the streets and steal loaves of bread.

--Anatole France
%
Weinberg's Second Law: "If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote
programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization."
%
Behind Korodore the darkness of the big security room glowed here and there as
the other security officers watched. Only Korodore knew that under the
horticultural dome by the north lawn was another, smaller security room
checking on this one. And occasionally he switched to his own private circuit
and watched the officers there. And, hidden by him in a place the exact
location of which he had scrubbed from his mind, was a small biocomputer. He
had programmed it carefully. It watched him.
%
A "postmodern" boss insists that he is not a master but just a coordinator of
our joint creative efforts, the first among equals; there should be no
formalities among us, we should address him by his nickname, he shares a dirty
joke with us... but in all this, he remains our master. In such a social link,
relations of domination function through their denial: in order to be
operative, they have to be ignored. We are not only obliged to obey our
masters, we are also obliged to act as if we are free and equal, as if there
is no domination- which, of course, makes the situation even more humiliating.
Paradoxically, in such a situation, the first act of liberation is to demand
from the master that he acts as one: one should reject false collegiality from
the master and insist that he treats as with cold distance, as a master. 
%
Broken gets fixed, shitty is forever.
%
Science: "You are wrong and here's a paper on how we're reasonably certain."

Technology: "That shouldn't be happening. Try turning it off and on again."

Engineering: "You are wrong and here's a diagram for how to repair the mistake
you made."

Mathematics: "In this very narrow respect you are wrong and here's a proof
demonstrating it."

Political Science: "You have three lavish summer homes. Why should anyone
believe what you have to say?"

Philosophy: "Would you like an apple pie with that?"
%
Think of it like a movie. The Torah is the first one, and the New Testament is
the sequel. Then the Qu’ran comes out, and it retcons the last one like it never
happened. There’s still Jesus, but he’s not the main character anymore, and the
messiah hasn't shown up yet.

Jews like the first movie, but ignored the sequels, Christians think you need to
watch the first two, but the third one doesn't count, Moslems think the third
one was the best, and Mormons liked the second one so much they started writing
fanfiction that doesn't fit with ANY of the series canon.
%
In what way do proletarians differ from slaves?

The slave is sold once and for all; the proletarian must sell himself daily and
hourly.

The individual slave, property of one master, is assured an existence, however
miserable it may be, because of the master's interest. The individual
proletarian, property as it were of the entire bourgeois class which buys his
labor only when someone has need of it, has no secure existence. This existence
is assured only to the class as a whole.

The slave is outside competition; the proletarian is in it and experiences all
its vagaries.

The slave counts as a thing, not as a member of society. Thus, the slave can
have a better existence than the proletarian, while the proletarian belongs to a
higher stage of social development and, himself, stands on a higher social level
than the slave.

The slave frees himself when, of all the relations of private property, he
abolishes only the relation of slavery and thereby becomes a proletarian; the
proletarian can free himself only by abolishing private property in general.

-Engels, The Principles of Communism
%
Nor did Humboldt understand in 1790 that capitalistic economic relations
perpetuated a form of bondage which, long before that in fact, as early as 1767,
Simon Linguet had declared to be "even worse than slavery," writing :"it is the
impossibility of living by any other means that compels our farm labourers to
till the soil, whose fruits they will not eat, and our masons to construct
buildings in which they will not live. It is want that drags them to those
markets where they await masters, who will do them the kindness of buying them.
It is want that compels them to go down on their knees to the rich man in order
to get from him permission to enrich him. What effective gain has the
suppression of slavery brought him? 'He is free,' you say. That is his
misfortune. These men, it is said, have no master. They have one, and the most
terrible, the most imperious of masters: that is, need. It is this that that
reduces them to the most cruel dependence."

-Noam Chomsky, Government in the Future
%
A plea of innocent is guilty of wasting my time.
